# Vanity-Address-Mnemonic-Generator

This is a NodeJS program written to allow for generation of a mnemonic which has a vanity address at a certain derivation path.

**What is this?**

Vanity addresses were used more often before ENS gained popularity and are used to create memorisable or distinguisable addresses. Vanity addresses are generated by searching for addresses with patterns which have certain starting or ending string combinations. 

**This has been done a thousand times before, why did you build this?**

I wanted a vanity address but also wanted a Metamask compatible mnemonic which I could reuse to generate other addresses.

For most users, using a vanity address generator which returns the private key of the related address is the best solution. However, since seed phrase mnemonics cannot be derived from a private key (and many users would prefer the convenience of a mnemonic over a private key) there is a niche set of users who did not have a solution.

**Okay, so I get a mnenomic instead of a private key, is that all?**

Pretty much. You also get to specify a derivation path you'd like the vanity address to be at (for example, if you want to use a Ledger device instead of Metamask, or if you'd like the vanity address to be the second one Metamask generates). Determining what path to use will depend on what you're using it with - the program is configured for the path that Metamask currently uses, so it will be your default Metamask address and you can generate normal addresses for the other slots which still use the same seed.

**It tells me that generation is going to take over a million minutes.**

Unfortunately, due to limitations of EthersJS, this program will be super slow compared to private-key-based vanity address generators. Web3JS does not currently have the same wallet generation mechanic that EthersJS uses, so it was the only option. *Therefore, it is recommended to search for a maximum of 5-6 characters (start phrase + end phrase combined).*

The timer is based on an estimate and is conservative (it will not consider rearrangements of the same character in a chosen phrase). The timer is there as a guide to make sure you know how long generation will take, and is an average time to generation (it may take twice as long or longer in rare cases). *Matched addresses are case-insensitive for letters.*

**How do I know that you aren't secretly stealing my seed phrase?**

The code is relatively simple and easy to read. I only added one package (EthersJS) which has imported its own dependencies. It is recommended to run this on an amnesic operating system without network connectivity if you want to be 100% sure that nothing is left of your generated seed phrase. This program will write to the console rather than output the seed phrase as a plaintext file for this reason.





